ShowUI()
SetLayerMedia(background -m "~/Graphics/BG Images/hospital bed")
CreateCharacter(Doctor -e true)
Doctor.SetPosition(-x 0.5 -y 0)
Show(Doctor)

Doctor “Ah, the human returns! Tell me, how was your trip through the city?”

choice "ceo"
{
	-Everyone told me to come back later and didn't help.
	-It was interesting, but I'm still stuck.
}

Doctor "Ah, the eternal dance of connection and trust.”
	“Building trust is much like mastering a complex dish. It's all about the right ingredients, timing, and a dash of patience."
	“Right now, you must be patient.”
	“They did say to come back later, which is a good sign.”
	“I trust that one of them will help you out.”

choice "ceo"
{
	-How do I decide who I should pursue help from?
	-What if none of them agree to help me?
}


Doctor “You must pick the immortal you can see yourself being comfortable talking to and spending time with.”
	“All 4 immortals are capable of getting you back home, but you will have to spend time with them in order for them to trust you.”
	“Most immortals are very protective of their personal lives.”
	“They're not easy to develop trust with, but once you do, anything is possible.”
	“Be aware that once you choose one immortal to pursue, that is the one you must stay committed to."
	"Immortals value loyalty, especially if they are to open up to you and help in your journey”

choice "ceo"
{
	-How can I get to know them better?
	-Is there a way to make them trust me faster?
}

Doctor “If I were you, I would help them with their daily activities.”
	“Perhaps ask them if they need something."
	“Let me show you how to keep track of all this information.”
	"Press [J] to toggle the journal."
	"Here you can see all the immortals information including how much they like you."
	"If at any point you need to leave the game, press [ESC] to quit or to adjust settings."
	"When saving your game, make sure to save while you're in conversation with someone."
	"More information is available in the Instructions tab when you press [ESC]"
	“I'm confident you can handle it from here.”
	“If there's any other questions you may have, come back anytime to chat.”

Hide(Doctor)
narrator "[As the doctor shares his wisdom, you realize the journey ahead is not just about finding a way back, but also about forging bonds in this unknown realm.]"
"[The thought is daunting, yet somewhere deep down, you feel a spark of excitement at the challenge ahead.]"



HideUI()
Hide(Doctor)