ShowUI()
SetLayerMedia(background -m "~/Graphics/BG Images/library inside")
CreateCharacter(Yuki)
Yuki.SetPosition(-x 0.5 -y 0)
Show(Yuki)

narrator "[With a fresh pen, you return to Yuki, who is now visibly eager to hear about your trip.]"

Yuki "Welcome back. I could see you from here, on your way back to the library."
"Have you located my pen?"

choice "ceo"
{
	-I found you a feather pen
}

Yuki "Oh wow!"
"This is a really nice pen."
"Surely I can't lose this right?"
"It has a bright feather attatched to it."

narrator "[Yuki's eyes light up, a clear sign of his growing affection for your dedication.]"

Yuki "Now I am ready to take proper notes."
"However, I found something interesting while you were away."
"There's a book here in the library, 'Amulets of the Ages.' Within it, there's a spell – one that might resonate with your amulet. It's time we take a closer look."
"Come, I know where it's located."

choice "ceo"
{
	-Let's find it, then
	-I'm ready when you are
}
Hide(Yuki)
narrator "[Yuki leads you to a secluded section of the library. Together, you comb through the stacks until you find the tome.]"
"[Yuki carefully opens the book, and turns the ancient pages until he finds the spell. You read the words in your head seeming to thrum with power.]"
Show(Yuki)
Yuki "This... This could be it. The spell speaks of binding and pathways... it might be the key to your return."

choice "ceo"
{
	-I can't believe we might be close to a breakthrough
}

narrator "[Yuki’s gaze lingers on you, filled with admiration and something deeper, more profound.]"

Yuki "Your presence here has been a catalyst for many things, it seems... changes in routine, new discoveries, and... unexpected emotions."

narrator "[You look up, your heart skipping a beat at the unspoken sentiment in Yuki’s voice.]"

Yuki "I find myself... affected by your plight, but also by your person."
"It's more than just scholarly interest. I'm drawn to you, to the humanity you embody."

narrator "[The air between you is charged with a new energy, a connection that transcends realms and lore.]"

Yuki "Perhaps, when this is all over, when we've deciphered the amulet's secrets... could there be a chapter for us."
"Written not in these books, but in the reality of our shared experiences?"

narartor "[Your response is a smile, genuine and hopeful, reflecting the librarian's sentiment.]"

Yuki "For now, let's focus on this spell, on your journey."
But know that my thoughts are with you, as someone very special."

narrator "[In the quiet sanctum of the library, with the wisdom of ages around them, you and Yuki stand at the precipice of a new and exciting chapter of your own.]"
"[Some time goes by...]"
"[Amidst the labyrinth of bookshelves, you find Yuki Tanaka lost in thought, his gaze distant as he runs his fingers over the spines of ancient tomes.]"
"[The hushed whispers of the library seem to pause in anticipation of the moment.]"
"[Yuki looks up, noticing you, and a subtle warmth crosses his features—a stark contrast to the cool intellect usually present.]"

Yuki "Ah, you're here. I was just reflecting on a book from my childhood, 'The Book of Countless Travels.'"
"It's a treasured compilation of adventures and journeys, including some journeys my parents travelled on."
"It was lost to time, a casualty of war and strife."

choice "ceo"
{
	-That sounds like a book filled with wonders
	-I'd love to read it.
}

narrator "[Yuki smiles softly, a mix of fondness and sadness in his expression.]"

Yuki "It would be wonderful to share it with you."
"It’s a book close to my heart, filled with notes from my parents."
"I spent countless nights as a child pouring over those pages, imagining the places they described."

choice "ceo"
{
	-What if I could find it for you, Yuki?
}

narrator "[Yuki’s eyes meet yours, a hopeful glint within them.]"

Yuki "If you could... it would mean more to me than I can express."
"But it's not a task, it's a dream. One I'd almost given up on."

choice "ceo"
{
	-Could you tell me more about your past if you're comfortable?
}

Yuki "Perhaps I must give you some context for this."
"When the current Empress took over the government, she started war against any rebels who didn't want her in power."
"That war stayed out of the major cities in the immortal realm..."
"But my family lived up in the mountains outside the city."
"Many rebels were camped out in those regions."
"We lost our home and had to flee as war refugees."
"That was my favorite book as a kid."
"I didn't have time to grab it before we had to run out of the home."
"That place is in ruins now."
"I've returned there countless times and have never found the book."
"If you could find it I would be eternally grateful to you."
"To reach the mountains you must head west of the city to the Main Road."
"Then head north and east from there."
"Please be sure to bring some warm clothes."
"It can be chilly up there."

[wait]HideUI()
Hide(Yuki)